Update the setup step to include an SSH key SSO authorisation check (#73)
MetOffice/git-working-practices: learners/setup.md

Please go back to the [introduction lesson's SSH setup instructions](https://www.astropython.com/git-novice/#ssh-setup).

## Single sign-on (SSO) Check

If you are part of an organisation that requires single
sign-on (SSO) to access their GitHub organisation you
will need to authorise the SSH key for use in the organisation.

Next to the SSH key in the [GitHub settings](https://github.com/settings/keys)
click on "Configure SSO".

> Find the organisation in the list and click on "Authorise".
> If the key is already authorised the "Deauthorise" button will appear instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the organisation in the list and click on "Authorise".
If the key is already authorised, it will say "Deauthorise" instead,
and nothing more needs to be done.
```
